{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Amandeep Singh\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 DevOps specialist with ample experience in financial, trading, and non-profit sectors. Throughout my career, I was privileged to work with skilled people in multiple realms, and elite projects, including Delta Airlines, Football Pools, VAKT, Credit Suisse, et cetera.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Career Summary\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 State Street (April 2019 - Working)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Tech Stack:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 AWS, Kubernetes, Helm, Open Tracing, Jaeger, EFFK, Concourse CI, Terraform, Docker, Grafana, Prometheus, Make, RPM\u8217's, Postgres (Community version), Git, et cetera.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Alpha}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b (January 2019 - Working)} Alpha is a State Street effort to build a front-to-back office in the organization. I am part of the team building Enterprise level Observability stack on top of Kubernetes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\i Responsibilities and Achievements}}:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Implemented an Enterprise level observability stack.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Creation and deployment of Helm charts on the cloud.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Creation, deployment, and management of Kubernetes manifests.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Worked on end-to-end logging stack setup in EFFK(Elastic search-Fluentd-Fluentbit-Kibana) fashion.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Implementation and POC\u8217's of Distributed Tracing stack using Open-tracing specifications and Jaeger as backend. (Some exploration on Open-telemetry as well)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab POC\u8217's on Terraform across multi-clouds.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b DLT}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 Enabled a blockchain initiative from the DevOps side.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b OMNIA: DBaaS}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b (April 2019 - September 2019)} Omnia was an IT transformation initiatives that would re-invent State Street\u8217's technology landscape gearing the bank to be more in line with technological advancements such as microservices, unified data architecture, DBaaS, et cetera. I lead the DevOps efforts in the DBaaS team, including both SQL, NO-SQL databases.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\i Responsibilities and Achievements}}:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Worked as an Architect from Automation perspectives to help Database Kernel Engineers\u8217' teams.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Implemented a complete CI/CD solution for DBaaS solution from scratch in ConcourseCI.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Enabled the teams in Artefacts management and Deployment on Kubernetes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Creation, installation, and management of RPM\u8217's, Docker Images stored in Artifactory.\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 ThoughtWorks (Jan 2019 - April 2019)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Tech Stack:}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 AWS, Terraform, Concourse CI, Docker, Hiera, Ruby, Rake, Rspec, Ruby on Rails, Java, SpringBoot, Junit, Mockito, Cucumber Ansible, Vagrant, GOCD, et cetera.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b VAKT}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b (April 2018 - Mar 2019)} My last assignment in ThoughtWorks includes building high availability blockchain infrastructure (Cloud agnostic) for our Client using the Quorum distributed ledger and smart contract platform. We were 75 people working in this project scattered around Europe and India; I was part of the DevOps Team. We had automated the entire Infrastructure on AWS/Azure cloud provider using Terraform as an orchestration tool. All post-commit and build activities were automated using Concourse CI/CD with the scale of 100\u8217's of pipelines and jobs running on AWS ECS. We were working on a scale of 60 ECS clusters running over 400 EC2 instances with 70 RDS databases and more than 200 VPC\u8217's, and multiple AWS accounts, that too only in the Development environments. I was part of the core infrastructure team with leading contributions to architectural/automation decisions. I was among the top five contributors (Github contributions) in a team of 75 people when I left.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\i Responsibilities and Achievements}}:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Provisioning complete Infrastructure using Terraform on AWS.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Participating in Architectural decisions at Infra level.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Helping other teams in Infrastructure queries and conducting knowledge transfer sessions.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Writing and maintaining containerized code/practices using Docker as a tool.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Securing Application on the cloud.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Writing Ansible scripts to provision/configure our Infrastructure.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Implementing an observability system for better visibility of Environments.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab End-to-end implementation and management of CI/CD automated using YAML, Ruby, Rake on ConcourseCI.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Banking Domain}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b (Jan 2018 - Apr 2018)} We built a system for a multi-national bank to track Gifts and Entertainment given/received by their employees. This Application helps the bank in reducing legal penalties. I was invited to a remote location to work on this project. It was delivered in 3 months tight deadline.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\i Responsibilities and Achievements}}:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Implementation of backend and helping other team members in Ramping up.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Setup of complete email notification system for the Application from scratch along with testing and deployment.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Automating Spring batch jobs for regular tasks.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Hospitality Domain}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b (Jan 2017 - Dec 2017)} We built a platform for a restaurant franchise owner in UK to create websites for their restaurant brands. They all share one backend with multiple frontends backed by a CMS. We used AWS as a cloud provider automated using Terraform and Docker. I was working as a DevOps engineer in this project.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\i Responsibilities and Achievements}}:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Leading DevOps efforts.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Writing and automating infrastructure code using Docker, Terraform.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Automating CI/CD setup from scratch.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Maintaining and Monitoring Production Environments.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Helping Application development team in infrastructure issues/queries.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b ThoughtWorks Employees Application}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b (Aug 2016 - Dec 2016, Partial commitments after that)} I worked on an Application used to capture, process employee data, and generate reports in ThoughtWorks. I took the complete responsibility from Development to Testing till Deployment.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\i Responsibilities and Achievements}}:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Understanding and analyzing business requirements.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Upgrading the existing stack. (It was 4-5 years old)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Writing and fixing Application code and all testing phases, including unit, integration, acceptance tests.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Deploying the Application on Heroku.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Integrate the Application with circle CI.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b ThoughtWorks University}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b (Aug 2015 - Dec 2015)} I created a Library management Application, and later, our team created a Retail Application with focus on learning all best practice in Application development; The code is checked-in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Amiedeep/biblioteca2"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
here
}}}
.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\i Responsibilities and Achievements}}:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Learn and implement design principles, design patterns in an Application.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Writing clean code.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Learn and understand the impact of Agile, TDD, Automation, CI/CD, Teamwork in a Project.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Delta Airlines}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b (Jun 2015 - Aug 2015)} I joined the team for only three months after my graduation. I helped in automating the acceptance test suite in Android-based Application. It was in multiple of 100\u8217's with Calabash as the primary technology.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\i Responsibilities and Achievements}}:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Writing and updating the Acceptance test suite.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Worked on writing Java for backend implementation.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Betting platform}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b (Jan 2015 - Jun 2015, Jan 2016 - Aug 2016)} We created on a online platform and customer care support product for a famous betting site in UK. It had ~27 Microservices mostly written in Ruby on Rails deployed on VM\u8217's provisioned using Vagrant and Puppet; These services were deployed on Client\u8217's in-house data center.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b {\i Responsibilities and Achievements}}:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Writing Backend code for the Applications using Ruby on Rails.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Writing Unit/Integration/UI tests to ensure code quality.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Automating CI/CD (GOCD) environment to integrate code and one-click deployments.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b Open Source and self-learning projects}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 I like experimenting on new things and keep my Github updated. Please check my {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Amiedeep"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Github
}}}
 profile for my Open-source contributions and self-learning projects. Github: https://github.com/Amiedeep\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:Amandeep11121993@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Amandeep11121993@gmail.com
}}}
 \u8226? +91-9803972479 \u8226? Senior DevOps Engineer\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/amiedeep/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Linkedin
}}}
: https://www.linkedin.com/in/amiedeep/\line {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.linkedin.com/in/amiedeep/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Github
}}}
: https://github.com/Amiedeep\line Bangalore, India\par}
}
