{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Amandeep Singh\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 DevOps specialist with ample experience in financial, trading, and non-profit sectors. Throughout my career, I was privileged to work with skilled people in multiple realms, and elite projects, including Delta Airlines, Football Pools, VAKT, Credit Suisse, et cetera.\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Oracle} (Jan 2020 - Working)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b State Street:} (April 2019 - Dec 2020)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented a complete CI/CD solution for an internal Application from scratch using ConcourseCI.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Enabled a team in Artefacts management and Deployment on Kubernetes.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Enabled a blockchain initiative at State Street from the DevOps perspective.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Implemented an Enterprise level observability stack including EFK, Prometheus-Grafana, Open Tracing running on Kubernetes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b ThoughtWorks:} (Jan 2015 - April 2019)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Helped in Automation of the calabash test suite for the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.thoughtworks.com/clients/delta"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Delta
}}}
 airlines.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Worked on a betting platform product with ~25 micro-services written in Ruby on Rails deployed using Vagrant and Puppet.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Worked on a hospitality business in creating their multiple UI\u8217's/single backend platform for all their franchise brands.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Worked on an internal platform of an investment bank to manage their Gift and Entertainment services.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Worked and enabled a first-class blockchain platform {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.thoughtworks.com/clients/vakt"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Vakt
}}}
 from DevOps side.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Worked end-to-end on an internal Application [Ramp up] of Thoughworks starting from analysis till deployment.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Technical Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Proficient In:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 AWS, CI/CD, Observability, Terraform, Linux/Unix, Problem Solving, Concourse CI, Jaeger, Git\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Experienced With:\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Backend:} Java, Ruby on Rails, Spring boot, JUnit, Jasmine, Rspec, Cucumber\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b DevOps:} Ruby, Golang, Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, TCP/IP stack, Information Security, GOCD.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Telemetry:} EFFK Stack, Open Tracing.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Others:} Data structures, Algorithms\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Open Source\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Please visit my {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/Amiedeep"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Github
}}}
 profile for my side projects, and\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Open Source contributions}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Certifications\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2020-2023\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Certified kubernetes Administrator}; Linux Foundation\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Credentials:} LF-ipxdcfqgi3\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2019-2020\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Post Graduate Diploma, Information Security}; IGNOU (Delhi)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Project title:} Security implementation in CI/CD using Concourse\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2011-2015\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b B.Tech, Computer Science and Engineering}; GNDU (Amritsar)\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:Amandeep11121993@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
Amandeep11121993@gmail.com
}}}
 \u8226? +91-9803972479 \u8226? Principal DevOps Engineer\line Bangalore, India\par}
}
